another nintendo direct means more news
i'm awesome face pride for nintendo news
friday april 19 2013 alright let's get
cracking on all this antenna direct news
first things first one of the more
shocking announcements was that
earthbound is coming to the wii u
virtual console I'm not joking I'm not
lying to you guys it's official I know
fans everywhere are jumping up and down
with joy right now because this is a
huge milestone for the game there is no
release day as of yet but we do know it
will be on the VC this year so the wait
is almost over and I couldn't be more
excited for us these games creator it's
us against absolutely and myself are
very happy about this as well we be
announced peace after release date at a
later there are a lot of small things
that's intended direct so I'm going to
try to get to as many of them as I
possibly can Nintendo finally gave us a
release date for a few games you might
be interested in Pikmin 3 is slated for
August for 2013 so right at the tail end
of the summer month it seems the new
super Luigi u dlc is said to arrive
sometime in the summer game and Wario is
on its way with a June twenty third
release date in Shin Megami Tensei for
bullet shell sometime in July and lastly
we you users should expect a system
update sometime in the next week to
improve load time between menus and
extra things like being able to boot
directly into Wii mode by holding be and
transferring content between two
external hard drives as for new game
announcements and tender tease us with
some good ones a new Yoshi's Island game
is on its white little information about
this game was shown so really all got to
seize the gameplay there is no release a
or much else as of now the third
installment in the yoshi island series
is coming to nintendo 3
nintendo also showed off a brand new
mario party title for the 3ds will have
seven new boards 81 new minigames and
more from the looks of it this mario
party will be returning to the classic
style of gameplay before mario party 9
the only thing that I could ask for is
that Nintendo ads online multiplayer
come on man make happen there will be a
bold well the impacts on gchat azalea CC
very important as you make use of a
variety of items whose both interfere
easier opponents and to move yourself a
lot and lasts a new Legend of Zelda game
for the 3d ass was announced this
untitled Zelda game takes place in the
hyrule from the link to the past and
it's graphic style is representing as
such the game is a top-down view of link
and I'm sure this will make great use of
the 3d capabilities along with this new
adventure comes into ability link and
turn into what i'm calling chalk and
walk along the walls the dungeons access
new areas and solve puzzles all we know
so far is that it's slated for release
date this holiday season also in this
game link and become a drawing and moved
within wall by moving in the walls your
viewpoint changes and you can see the
connections within the area that you
couldn't observe
as always I probably skipped over some
stuff but compressing a Nintendo Direct
conference is not an easy thing to do so
I'd encourage you to watch it yourself
if you really want to see everything in
there but if you want to listen to tuck
somewhere you can check out my channel
now you'll find an ongoing let's play
paper mario for the Nintendo 64 anyways
I've been awesome face primer intento
news have a great day